I am willing to marry Guan Mingcheng
Jokes on my big brother's terms
There are many people who want to marry him
What are you?
It's your blessing that he has a crush on you.
If I hadn't seen you as my future sister-in-law
I won't let you go for a long time
Today I exempt your Shangguan family from responsibility
But he's just a wild dog
How dare you criticize the official
And insult the Lord of Heaven
Let him leave easily today
Isn't it making people laugh at my official family?
Ridiculous, Miss Guan is right
This kid should be serious
With formality and dignity
I see which one breaks his limbs first
Then pull it out to feed the wild dogs
This can be regarded as an explanation to the humble lord
It's long overdue
The Shangguan family is a low-level fan like him, come when you want
Do you want to leave?
Let's see how their Shangguan family harvests
Check it out again.
Ye Feng, leave quickly
If you don't go, you will really be beaten to death by them
Tianlong
The world is so big
As long as you don't want to
No one can force you
If you don't know how high the sky is, you know how to enlarge it.
Okay, okay.
Night wind, right?
I suggest you apologize to Qianqian for making a mistake. Let's go.
This kind of family thing
It's not something you can get involved in
And you Qianqian
Receive your little temper
He's just a commoner
My lord won't blame a commoner
And you hit him, didn't you?
It didn't hurt your face, didn't it?
For the sake of Miki speaking for you
As long as you kneel down and kowtow now
Crawl out of here
I'll let it go.
Thank you for your kindness, Miss Maggie
But obviously Mr. Shangguan
Make an engagement with my elders first
Obviously the Shangguan family breached the contract first
Now the official family has come to intervene again
Why should I apologize?
No, why are you so ignorant?
What do you want?
Very simple.
As long as the official takes it and gets out of front of me
I'll pretend it never happened